Full code review changes (#222)
vercel/next-learn: dashboard/README.md

## Next.js App Router Course - Build a Dashboard

> This repository contains the starter templates for the [Next.js App Router Course](xxx), separated by chapters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the starter templates for the [Next.js App Router Course](https://nextjs.org/learn), separated by chapters.
```

> For more information, see the [course curriculum](xxx) on the Next.js Website.

Author: Should both of these links just be `https://nextjs.org/learn`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [course curriculum](https://nextjs.org/learn) on the Next.js Website.
```
